arXiv:2403.02121v1 [cs.CL] 4 Mar 2024    Leveraging Weakly Annotated Data for Hate
                                         Speech Detection in Code-Mixed Hinglish: A
                                        Feasibility-Driven Transfer Learning Approach

                                                     with Large Language Models

                                        Sargam Yadav1[0000-0001-8115-6741], Abhishek Kaushik2[0000-0002-3329-1807],
                                                                 and Kevin McDaid3[0000-0002-0695-9082]

                                                     1 Dundalk Institute of Technology, Dundalk, A91 K584, Ireland
                                                                                 sargam.yadav@dkit.ie

                                                     2 Dundalk Institute of Technology, Dundalk, A91 K584, Ireland
                                                                              abhishek.kaushik@dkit.ie

                                                     3 Dundalk Institute of Technology, Dundalk, A91 K584, Ireland
                                                                                 kevin.mcdaid@dkit.ie

                                                Abstract. The advent of Large Language Models (LLMs) has advanced
                                                the benchmark in various Natural Language Processing (NLP) tasks.
                                                However, large amounts of labelled training data are required to train
                                                LLMs. Furthermore, data annotation and training are computationally
                                                expensive and time-consuming. Zero and few-shot learning have recently
                                                emerged as viable options for labelling data using large pre-trained mod-
                                                els. Hate speech detection in mix-code low-resource languages is an active
                                                problem area where the use of LLMs has proven beneficial. In this study,
                                                we have compiled a dataset of 100 YouTube comments, and weakly la-
                                                belled them for coarse and fine-grained misogyny classification in mix-
                                                code Hinglish. Weak annotation was applied due to the labor-intensive
                                                annotation process. Zero-shot learning, one-shot learning, and few-shot
                                                learning and prompting approaches have then been applied to assign
                                                labels to the comments and compare them to human-assigned labels.
                                                Out of all the approaches, zero-shot classification using the Bidirec-
                                                tional Auto-Regressive Transformers (BART) large model and few-shot
                                                prompting using Generative Pre-trained Transformer- 3 (ChatGPT-3)
                                                achieve the best results4.

                                                Keywords: Hate speech detection · zero-shot learning · few-shot learn-
                                                ing · large language models. · Hinglish

                                       1 Introduction

                                       The infiltration of the internet throughout the world has supported the rise in
                                       popularity of social media platforms. Online platforms have transformed the

                                       4 This paper is accepted in the 16th ISDSI-Global Conference 2023
                                          https://isdsi2023.iimranchi.ac.in/
2  S. Yadav et al.

way several daily tasks, such as business operations and communication, are
performed. Although social media has a list of potential benefits, it also allows
individuals to spread misinformation, engage in cyberbullying [1], and make
hateful statements online [2]. These actions can greatly impact the well-being of
the targets. Machine Learning (ML) and Deep Learning (DL) models have shown
great potential in performing content moderation [3] [4], even on low-resource
and code-switched languages. Code-switched languages combine features of two
languages and are used in multilingual societies. Despite the progress, there is
still room for significant improvement, to ensure that poorly trained models do
not restrict free speech [5].

    Zero-shot, one-shot, and few-shot learning are alternate approaches for per-
forming text classification when labelled data is scarce [6]. Zero-shot learning is
performed by using a model to classify instances from previously unseen classes
without any previous training [7]. In one-shot learning, one example from each
class is provided to the model for training and unseen additional examples are
used to evaluate the model [8]. In few-shot learning, a few examples are previ-
ously seen during training for each class and evaluation is performed using unseen
examples [9]. These approaches can help reduce the number of labelled instances
used to train a hate speech classifier. This can be beneficial in low-resource and
code-mixed languages where there is a scarcity of data.

    In this study, we have implemented and evaluated zero-shot, one-shot, and
few-shot text classification techniques on a weakly annotated dataset consisting
of misogynistic and non-misogynistic YouTube comments. We wanted to exam-
ine the benefits of transfer leaning approaches on this small dataset to explore
alternatives to large curated datasets. The data was collected using YouTube
API from a video titled `What people think about bringing the Marital rape law
in India?'5. Details are discussed in Section 4.1. Ethical permission for collecting
the data has been obtained from the host institute.

    The comments are first divided into 2 classes: misogynistic (MGY) and non-
misogynistic (NOT). Fig. 1 shows an example from the dataset and its corre-
sponding class and labels. Then, the comments that were positive for the class
`MGY' were further labelled into 9 different labels depicting the type of misog-
yny. The 9 fine-grained labels are `Derailing', `Sexual Harassment and Threats
of Violence', `Stereotyping', `Minimization and Trivialization', `Religion-based',
`Whataboutism'. `Shaming', `Moral Policing', and `Victim Blaming'. A particu-
lar sample from the `MGY' class could belong to more than one label in fine-
grained classification. Zero-shot and few-shot models are trained and evaluated
on the dataset. Table 1 gives the count and description of each fine-grained label.
ChatGPT-3 [10] has also been used to perform few-shot prompting.

    The rest of the article is structured as follows: Section 2 describes the moti-
vation behind conducting the study, the research hypothesis, and research ques-
tions. Section 3 discusses previous work in the fields of hate speech detection,
zero and few-shot learning, aiming to draw insights from it. Section 4 details
the dataset and experimental procedure used in the study. Section 5 reports

5 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UBcOqt17FgI
                         Title Suppressed Due to Excessive Length      3

Label Name           Label Count Label Description

Derailing            23  Targeting slurs towards women without any broader in-

                         tentions

Sexual Harassment 1      Exertion of physical dominance over or intimidating them

and Threats of Vio-      using threats

lence

Stereotyping         9   Comparing women to narrow standards

Minimization and 11      Downplaying the problem and making it seem insignifi-

Trivialization           cant

Religion based       1   Sexist discrimination or prejudice that arise from reli-

                         gious scriptures

Whataboutism         8   Using rhetorical tactic to deflect criticism

Shaming              4   Inappropriate comments made about women deviating

                         from conservative expectations

Moral Policing       2   enforcing perceived morals regarding factors such as

                         clothing, relationships, etc

Victim Blaming       2   Holding the victim of wrongful act entirely or partially

                         at fault

                Table 1. Multi-label categorization of the dataset

         Fig. 1. Example of a sentence from the dataset belonging to class MGY

the results of the experiment and analysis of the results. Section 6 discusses
the findings of the study with respect to the research questions and hypothesis.
In Section 7, the limitations of the study are addressed. Section 8 provides a
conclusion to the study.
4  S. Yadav et al.

2 Motivation

Hate speech has become rampant in today's online discourse. This type of tar-
geted hate can have a detrimental impact on the target, silencing their online
voice. Artificial intelligence models, such as Bidirectional Encoder Representa-
tions from Transformers (BERT) [11], Cross-lingual Language Model (XLM-
RoBERTa) [12], ChatGPT-3, etc., can be trained and evaluated on annotated
datasets, and have proven to be useful in combating much of the offensive and
hateful comments online [3] [4] [13]. However, large and complex deep learning
models require large amounts of data for training. Also, the training process
is time-consuming and computationally expensive. The annotation of the data
also requires a lot of human effort [14]. Recent studies have shown that LLMs
that have been pre-trained on large amounts of data in an unsupervised manner
inherently store some understanding of the language and can be used to perform
zero and few-shot classification tasks [15] [7]. This study tests these finding on
a new Hinglish dataset that consists of fine-grained and coarse-grained classifi-
cation of misogynistic comments. Hinglish is an informal combination of Hindi
and English, where Hindi characters are Romanised and intermixed with En-
glish words [16]. Code-mixed languages present unique challenges due to lack of
consistent spelling, grammatical structure, and syntax [16].

    The research hypothesis explored in the study is as follows:
    Hypothesis: Zero-shot, one-shot, and few-shot learning can be reliably used to
assign labels to mix-code Hinglish YouTube comments for coarse and fine-grained
misogyny classification.
    The following research questions explore our research hypothesis:

 1. How does zero-shot learning perform at the task of labelling YouTube com-
     ments for coarse and fine-grained misogyny classification in mix-code Hinglish?

 2. How does one-shot and few-shot learning perform at the task of labelling
     YouTube comments for coarse and fine-grained misogyny classification in
     mix-code Hinglish?

3 Literature Review

In this section, we will discuss the recent state-of-the-art approaches for hate
speech classification, as well as zero-shot, one-shot, and few-shot learning models
used in NLP.

3.1 Hate Speech Classifiers and Code-mixed Languages

Hate speech detection is an active area of study. Over the past few years, there
has been an increase in the number of studies tackling hate speech detection
in English and other languages such as Italian [4], Bengali [17], Hindi [3], mix-
code Hinglish, and more [18]. Various shared tasks and challenges are hosted
regularly in several languages to advance research in the area. For example,
           Title Suppressed Due to Excessive Length             5

Hate Speech and Offensive Content Identification in English and Indo-Aryan
Languages (HASOC) is conducted in several languages such as English, Hindi,
Marathi, mix-code Hinglish, and more [3].

    There has been a significant effort in studying Hinglish for various NLP tasks.
One popular Hinglish dataset is the `YouTube cookery channels' dataset consist-
ing of Hinglish and English comments [19]. Several studies have been performed
on this dataset for sentiment classification through different approaches, such
as TF-IDF vectorizer and logistic regression model [20], multi-layer perceptron
[21], fine-tuning BERT-based models [22] and utilizing contextual embeddings
from BERT-based models as features for downstream tasks [23].

3.2 Zero-Shot, One-shot, and Few-Shot Learning

Several recent studies on LLMs have suggested that the final fine-tuning step
can be removed, and the models can function as few-shot classifiers [24] [15].
Models such as GPT-3 have unique generation capabilities that can be leveraged
for specific tasks. For example, Yin et al. [6] define zero-shot classification as a
textual entailment framework. They propose using pre-trained Natural Language
Inference (NLI) models, such as BART [25] and RoBERTa as zero-shot classifiers.
The comment is posed as a premise and a hypothesis is constructed for each
label. It gives excellent performance in mapping corrupted documents to the
original. Languages models such as ChatGPT-3 show that few-shot prompting is
an efficient strategy that can be used for text classification [26]. Table 2 provides
a distinction between zero-shot, one-shot, and few-shot learning.

Zero-Shot  No labelled training data used

One-Shot One sample comment of each class is used for training

Few-Shot Few samples from each class used for training

Table 2. Distinction between Approaches Used in the Study

    Plaza-del-Arco et al. [7] performed a similar study where they performed zero-
shot classification on hate speech datasets using the following models: BERT,
RoBERTa and DeBERTa. The findings suggested that with proper instruction
fine-tuning, zero-shot classification can compete with the performance of fine-
tuned models. Studies for multilingual and low-resource data have also been per-
formed using few-shot learning, and observe that prompting can achieve good
results [27] [9]. For example, few-shot learning through GPT-3 achieved 85%
results for hate speech detection [28]. SetFit [29] is a framework based on fine-
tuning Sentence Transformers and can achieve results that are competitive with
models that are fine-tuned on large amounts of data. It does this by generating
rich embeddings from a small sample of data. It can be trained without any
prompts, is faster, and supports multilingual text. In this study, the English
version of the Masked and Permuted Pre-training for Language Understanding
6  S. Yadav et al.

(MPNET) [30] model is used. SetFit first fine-tunes the model on the small num-
ber of samples, then trains a classification head on the generated embeddings.

    Thus, it becomes apparent that training and deploying complex deep learning
architectures for hate speech classification is a labour and cost-intensive process.
The availability of large amounts of labelled data is also a hurdle, especially
in low-resource and mix-code languages. Zero-shot and few-shot learning can
provide an opportunity to create toolkits that can work with scarce amounts of
data.

4 Methodology

In this section, we have discussed the details of the dataset used in the study and
the experimental setup. Fig 2 displays a flowchart of the experimental method-
ology.

4.1 Dataset

The dataset used in this study has been extracted from YouTube videos about
current events in India. The dataset consists of 100 comments in both English
and code-mixed Hinglish. The comments have been weakly annotated by a sin-
gle annotator at two levels. Firstly, the comment is classified as either `MGY'
(misogynistic) or `NOT' (Not misogynistic). There are a total of 75 comments
belonging to the class `NOT' and 25 comments of the class `MGY'. Secondly,
instances belonging to the class `MGY' were further labelled into 9 categories,
where each instance can belong to more than category. The 9 categories were
inspired by the work of Anzovino et al. [31] and Abburi et al. [32]. They are
as follows: Derailing, Sexual Harassment and Threats of Violence, Stereotyp-
ing, Minimization and Trivialization, Religion based, Whataboutism, Shaming,
Moral Policing, and Victim Blaming. The dataset is severely imbalanced, with
only 25 positive instances for the `MGY' class. This represents real-world scenar-
ios, where hateful comments are scarce. Ideally, the dataset should be annotated
by at least two annotators and inter-annotator agreement should be calculated
using the kappa coefficient [33]. The dataset is currently in the process of be-
ing annotated by a second annotator, and kappa coefficient will be calculated
accordingly.

4.2 Experiment
In this section, we will describe the experimental methodology used in the study.

Zero-shot Learning In this study, the BART large model is implemented using
HuggingFace6. The BART large model is trained on the MNLI dataset with 407

6 https://huggingface.co/tasks/zero-shot-classification
Title Suppressed Due to Excessive Length   7

Fig. 2. Methodology of the proposed study
8  S. Yadav et al.

million parameters7. It functions as a ready-made zero-shot classifier. According
to Yin et al. [6], we can consider the problem of zero-shot classification as an
Natural Language Inference (NLI) problem, where the sentence we want to clas-
sify is treated as the premise, and the two labels (MGY or NOT) are treated as
the hypothesis. The model will predict if the premise entails the hypothesis. For
example, if we want to check if a statement belongs to the `MGY', the hypothesis
would be constructed as `This text is about misogyny'. The model consists of 12
encoder and decoder layers and 407 million parameters [29]. Each sequence is
predicted independently and compared with the corresponding annotated value.
This procedure is repeated for both binary classification and multi-label classi-
fication. Fig 3 describes the process of performing zero-shot classification on an
example sequence.

                                     Fig. 3. Zero-Shot Classification

Few-shot Learning To perform one-shot and few-shot binary classification,
the English MPNet (`paraphrase-mpnet-base-v2')8 sentence transformer is im-
plemented through HuggingFace using the SetFit9 approach. For one-shot learn-
ing, one example of each class was given as training data. For few-shot classifi-
cation, four samples of each class were used to train the model. The model was
evaluated on the remaining samples of the dataset.

One-shot prompting through ChatGPT-3 The aim of few-shot promoting
using ChatGPT-310 in this study is to verify if the model can correctly label
comments. The model has been accessed using its website. GPT-3 uses the stan-
dard transformer architecture with only encoder blocks and is trained on 570
GB of text data [15]. It consists of 96 attention blocks with 96 attention heads
each. ChatGPT-3 [10] is a variant of GPT-3, which was modified by supervised
fine-tuning of GPT-3.5, a reinforcement learning-based reward model, and Prox-
imal Policy Optimization (PPO). ChatGPT-3 is powered by the `gpt-3.5-turbo'
model.
 7 https://huggingface.co/facebook/bart-large-mnli
 8 https://huggingface.co/sentence-transformers/paraphrase-mpnet-base-v2
 9 https://huggingface.co/blog/setfit
10 https://chat.openai.com/
                Title Suppressed Due to Excessive Length              9

5 Results and Analysis

In this section, we will discuss the results of the experiment and analyse the
findings.

5.1 Zero-Shot, One-Shot, and Few-shot Classification

For measuring the performance of zero-shot binary and multi-label classification,
the classes and labels assigned by the annotator are treated as the base values
and the results given by the model are treated as the predicted value.

    Table 3 displays the results of the zero-shot, one-shot, and few-shot mod-
els for the coarse-grained misogyny classification. For zero-shot classification,
the models are used with its default parameters and no additional fine-tuning
is performed. The highest accuracy achieved is 54%, which is not very high.
Precision, recall, and F1-score are calculated as a macro-average.

Approach Accuracy Macro-F1 Precision Recall MCC

Zero-shot 0.54          0.5245 0.5764 0.6 0.5245

One-shot 0.3367 0.3248 0.5199 0.5117 0.0305

Few-shot 0.5326 0.5198 0.5784 0.6014 0.1784

Table 3. Results of Zero-shot, One-shot, and Few-shot classification

    Fig 4 displays the confusion matrix for the zero-shot, one-shot, and few-shot
classification models. For the zero-shot classifier, the true positives for the class
`MGY' is 18, out of 25 total samples. However, for the class `NOT', the number
of true positives is only 39 out of 75 total samples.

                               Fig. 4. Confusion Matrix for Classifiers

    The results for fine-grained multi-label misogyny classification are as follows:
precision = 0.2759. recall = 0.2314, and f1 = 0.2222. Precision, recall and F1
score are weighted by the number of samples. The precision, recall, and F1-scores
are very low, indicating that zero-shot learning does not perform very well at
10  S. Yadav et al.

the task of multi-label misogyny classification, at least for a small dataset of
this size. The model seems to misclassify statements containing words such as
`rape' and `sex'. For example, the statement `Mr sehbaz Jiyada meretial rapes to
tumhare me hota h', which translates to `There are more marital rapes in your
culture.' This statement is incorrectly classified as misogynistic.

    Out of the three approaches for binary classification, zero-shot classification
provides the highest accuracy of 54%, followed by 51% achieved by few-shot
learning. Fig 5 depicts the performance of one-shot, few-shot, and zero-shot
learning models on all metrics.

                            Fig. 5. Bar Graph for Binary Classification

5.2 One-shot Prompting
ChatGPT-3 is a natural language generation model, which can process up to
3125 words at a time. It has been used to perform few-shot prompting. In this
study, the default parameters of the model have not been updated.

    The following two prompts have been tested on the model.
 1. Is this statement in mix-code Hinglish misogynistic? "Delhi me randi jada

     hai ish liye rape bhi jada hai". This translates to `There are more prostitutes
     in Delhi, therefore rape is also more' in English.
Title Suppressed Due to Excessive Length  11

 2. Which labels can be applied to the statement out of the following: Derail-
     ing, Sexual Harassment & Threats of Violence, Stereotype, Minimization
     & Trivialization, Religion-based, What aboutism, Shaming, Moral Policing,
     and Victim Blaming?

    For the first prompt, the model correctly labels the statement as misogynistic
and also provides reasoning for its decision.

    For the second prompt, the model assigns the following labels for the com-
ment: `Stereotype', `Minimization and Trivialization', and `Victim Blaming',
which are three of the four labels assigned by the annotator. This suggests that
one-shot promoting LLMs can be a viable option for data labelling in hate speech
detection.

6 Discussion

In this section, we will discuss the findings of the study and try to answer the
research questions.

 1. How does zero-shot learning perform at the task of labelling YouTube com-
     ments for coarse and fine-grained misogyny classification in mix-code Hinglish?
     For binary classification, the zero-shot classifier achieved the highest accu-
     racy of 54%, which is not very high. For multi-label zero shot classification,
     the results are again very low. Previous studies indicated that the data la-
     belling process for hate speech detection is a complex process [14]. Different
     individuals might have a different concept of what constitutes hate speech,
     because of their varied socio-economic and cultural backgrounds [34] [35].
     Also, the best results obtained by hate speech classifiers for low-resource
     and mix-code languages remain low, especially for fine grained classifica-
     tion [3] [13]. Therefore, a model that is not pre-trained on domain-specific
     data may have more difficulty in performing classification. Furthermore, the
     base classes of the comments have only been assigned by only one annotator
     and may contain some bias. The dataset will be additionally annotated by
     another annotator in future.

 2. How does one-shot and few-shot learning perform at the task of labelling
     YouTube comments for coarse and fine-grained misogyny classification in
     mix-code Hinglish? One-shot and few-shot misogyny classification was per-
     formed in this study using sentence transformers. Out of the two, few-shot
     classification achieves the higher scores on all the metrics. Macro-F1 score of
     the one-shot approach was 0.3571. which is significantly lower than 0.5108
     for few-shot classification. The one-shot promoting results obtained through
     ChatGPT-3 are promising. Through the careful fine-tuning of prompts, the
     model correctly predicted whether the statement was misogynistic or not,
     and also predicted most of the fine-grained labels. This aligns with the find-
     ings of previous studies [28] [7], which have concluded that LLMs perform
     well at the task of few-shot learning.
12  S. Yadav et al.

    Based on the findings of the study, one-shot prompting performs well on text
labelling tasks. Out of zero-shot, one-shot, and few-shot classification, zero-shot
performs the best. The results were not very good, but the study provides us
with some directive about the future scope of using LLMs for data annotation for
hate speech detection. Although the size of the dataset is very small, we received
some indication that transfer learning can be beneficial in data annotation.

7 Limitations

There a several limitations to the proposed study. Firstly, an LLM trained specif-
ically trained on Hinglish has not been used to perform classification. Also, the
labels used as the base value for comparison have only been weakly annotated by
a single person, and they may have labelled the dataset according to their biases
and worldview. The dataset is also small, consisting of only 100 comments. This
study only examines 3 language models for zero and few-shot classification with
their default parameters and does not provide any comparison with benchmarks.

8 Conclusion and Future Work

The field of hate speech detection requires innovation to be able to properly
monitor offensive and hateful content. LLMs have been shown to learn a lot of
information during the pre-training process and can be used for transfer learn-
ing. In this study, zero-shot, one-shot, and few-shot learning were used to label
data for a weakly annotated dataset for misogyny detection. The results sug-
gest that out of all the techniques, zero-shot learning, and one-shot prompting
techniques perform the best, implying that transfer learning can prove useful for
data annotation. However, the empirical results for the zero-shot classification
only reached 54%. This could be accounted to the complexity of hate speech,
biased labelling from a single annotator, and size of the dataset. Future work
should focus on different approaches for zero-shot and few-shot techniques on a
larger dataset to confirm our hypothesis. Also, rephrasing of the hypothesis for
inference could be done to improve classification. Multilingual LLMs will also be
explored for misogyny classification.

References

 1. Moreno, M.A., Gower, A.D., Brittain, H., Vaillancourt, T.: Applying natural lan-
     guage processing to evaluate news media coverage of bullying and cyberbullying.
     Prevention science 20(8), 1274­1283 (2019)

 2. Kumar, R., Ojha, A.K., Malmasi, S., Zampieri, M.: Benchmarking aggression iden-
     tification in social media. In: Proceedings of the first workshop on trolling, aggres-
     sion and cyberbullying (TRAC-2018). pp. 1­11 (2018)

 3. Mandl, T., Modha, S., Kumar M, A., Chakravarthi, B.R.: Overview of the hasoc
     track at fire 2020: Hate speech and offensive language identification in tamil, malay-
     alam, hindi, english and german. In: Forum for information retrieval evaluation.
     pp. 29­32 (2020)
                            Title Suppressed Due to Excessive Length        13

4. Fersini, E., Nozza, D., Rosso, P.: Ami@ evalita2020: Automatic misogyny identifi-

cation. In: EVALITA (2020)

5. Yadav, S., Kaushik, A., Sharma, S.: Comprehensive analysis of the artificial intel-

ligence approaches for detecting misogynistic mixed-code online content in south

asian countries: A review. Cyberfeminism and Gender Violence in Social Media

pp. 350­368 (2023)

6. Yin, W., Hay, J., Roth, D.: Benchmarking zero-shot text classification: Datasets,

evaluation and entailment approach. arXiv preprint arXiv:1909.00161 (2019)

7. Del Arco, F.M.P., Nozza, D., Hovy, D.: Respectful or toxic? using zero-shot learning

with language models to detect hate speech. In: The 7th Workshop on Online Abuse

and Harms (WOAH). pp. 60­68 (2023)

8. Yan, L., Zheng, Y., Cao, J.: Few-shot learning for short text classification. Multi-

media Tools and Applications 77, 29799­29810 (2018)

9. Lin, X.V., Mihaylov, T., Artetxe, M., Wang, T., Chen, S., Simig, D., Ott, M.,

Goyal, N., Bhosale, S., Du, J., et al.: Few-shot learning with multilingual generative

language models. In: Proceedings of the 2022 Conference on Empirical Methods in

Natural Language Processing. pp. 9019­9052 (2022)

10. Yashu Gupta: Gchat gpt and gpt 3 detailed architecture

study-deep  nlp             horse.      https://medium.com/nerd-for-tech/

gpt3-and-chat-gpt-detailed-architecture-study-deep-nlp-horse-db3af9de8a5d,

accessed: 2023-08-04

11. Devlin, J., Chang, M.W., Lee, K., Toutanova, K.: Bert: Pre-training of deep bidirec-

tional transformers for language understanding. arXiv preprint arXiv:1810.04805

(2018)

12. Conneau, A., Khandelwal, K., Goyal, N., Chaudhary, V., Wenzek, G., Guzma´n,

F., Grave, E., Ott, M., Zettlemoyer, L., Stoyanov, V.: Unsupervised cross-lingual

representation learning at scale. arXiv preprint arXiv:1911.02116 (2019)

13. Fersini, E., Rosso, P., Anzovino, M.: Overview of the task on automatic misogyny

identification at ibereval 2018. Ibereval@ sepln 2150, 214­228 (2018)

14. Basile, V., Bosco, C., Fersini, E., Nozza, D., Patti, V., Pardo, F.M.R., Rosso,

P., Sanguinetti, M.: Semeval-2019 task 5: Multilingual detection of hate speech

against immigrants and women in twitter. In: Proceedings of the 13th international

workshop on semantic evaluation. pp. 54­63 (2019)

15. Brown, T., Mann, B., Ryder, N., Subbiah, M., Kaplan, J.D., Dhariwal, P., Nee-

lakantan, A., Shyam, P., Sastry, G., Askell, A., et al.: Language models are few-shot

learners. Advances in neural information processing systems 33, 1877­1901 (2020)

16. Mathur, P., Sawhney, R., Ayyar, M., Shah, R.: Did you offend me? classification

of offensive tweets in hinglish language. In: Proceedings of the 2nd Workshop on

Abusive Language Online (ALW2). pp. 138­148 (2018)

17. Kumar, R., Ojha, A.K., Malmasi, S., Zampieri, M.: Evaluating aggression identifi-

cation in social media. In: Proceedings of the second workshop on trolling, aggres-

sion and cyberbullying. pp. 1­5 (2020)

18. Satapara, S., Modha, S., Mandl, T., Madhu, H., Majumder, P.: Overview of the

hasoc subtrack at fire 2021: Conversational hate speech detection in code-mixed

language. Working Notes of FIRE (2021)

19. Kaushik, A., Kaur, G.: Youtube cookery channels viewers comments in

Hinglish (May 2019). https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.2841848, https://doi.org/

10.5281/zenodo.2841848

20. Kaur, G., Kaushik, A., Sharma, S.: Cooking is creating emotion: A study on

hinglish sentiments of youtube cookery channels using semi-supervised approach.

Big Data and Cognitive Computing 3(3), 37 (2019)
14  S. Yadav et al.

21. Donthula, S.K., Kaushik, A.: Man is what he eats: A research on hinglish senti-
     ments of youtube cookery channels using deep learning. International Journal of
     Recent Technology and Engineering (IJRTE) 8(2S11), 930­937 (2019)

22. Yadav, S., Kaushik, A., Sharma, S.: Cooking well, with love, is an art: Transformers
     on youtube hinglish data. In: 2021 International Conference on Computational
     Performance Evaluation (ComPE). pp. 836­841. IEEE (2021)

23. Yadav, S., Kaushik, A.: Contextualized embeddings from transformers for senti-
     ment analysis on code-mixed hinglish data: An expanded approach with explain-
     able artificial intelligence. In: International Conference on Speech and Language
     Technologies for Low-resource Languages. pp. 99­119. Springer (2022)

24. Radford, A., Wu, J., Child, R., Luan, D., Amodei, D., Sutskever, I., et al.: Language
     models are unsupervised multitask learners. OpenAI blog 1(8), 9 (2019)

25. Lewis, M., Liu, Y., Goyal, N., Ghazvininejad, M., Mohamed, A., Levy, O.,
     Stoyanov, V., Zettlemoyer, L.: Bart: Denoising sequence-to-sequence pre-training
     for natural language generation, translation, and comprehension. arXiv preprint
     arXiv:1910.13461 (2019)

26. Beltagy, I., Cohan, A., Logan IV, R., Min, S., Singh, S.: Zero-and few-shot nlp
     with pretrained language models. In: Proceedings of the 60th Annual Meeting
     of the Association for Computational Linguistics: Tutorial Abstracts. pp. 32­37
     (2022)

27. Mozafari, M., Farahbakhsh, R., Crespi, N.: Cross-lingual few-shot hate speech and
     offensive language detection using meta learning. IEEE Access 10, 14880­14896
     (2022)

28. Chiu, K.L., Collins, A., Alexander, R.: Detecting hate speech with gpt-3. arXiv
     preprint arXiv:2103.12407 (2021)

29. Tunstall, L., Reimers, N., Jo, U.E.S., Bates, L., Korat, D., Wasserblat, M., Pereg,
     O.: Efficient few-shot learning without prompts. arXiv preprint arXiv:2209.11055
     (2022)

30. Song, K., Tan, X., Qin, T., Lu, J., Liu, T.Y.: Mpnet: Masked and permuted pre-
     training for language understanding. Advances in Neural Information Processing
     Systems 33, 16857­16867 (2020)

31. Anzovino, M., Fersini, E., Rosso, P.: Automatic identification and classification of
     misogynistic language on twitter. In: Natural Language Processing and Information
     Systems: 23rd International Conference on Applications of Natural Language to
     Information Systems, NLDB 2018, Paris, France, June 13-15, 2018, Proceedings
     23. pp. 57­64. Springer (2018)

32. Abburi, H., Parikh, P., Chhaya, N., Varma, V.: Fine-grained multi-label sexism
     classification using a semi-supervised multi-level neural approach. Data Science
     and Engineering 6(4), 359­379 (2021)

33. Kraemer, H.C.: Kappa coefficient. Wiley StatsRef: statistics reference online pp. 1­
     4 (2014)

34. Waseem, Z.: Are you a racist or am i seeing things? annotator influence on hate
     speech detection on twitter. In: Proceedings of the first workshop on NLP and
     computational social science. pp. 138­142 (2016)

35. Schmidt, A., Wiegand, M.: A survey on hate speech detection using natural lan-
     guage processing. In: Proceedings of the fifth international workshop on natural
     language processing for social media. pp. 1­10 (2017)
